add option to re-import RIS files into reference software to documentation (#965)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/intro/datasets.rst

-  ✅ = The data can be exported from the citation manager and imported in ASReview.
-  N/A = This format does not exist.

RIS files used for screening in ASReview LAB can be imported back into the
reference software* and the decision labels can be found in the notes field.
For more information see this `instruction video <https://youtu.be/-Rw291AE2OI>`_.

> *This pipeline is aimed to work for reference managers Zotero and EndNote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This pipeline is extensively tested for reference managers Zotero and EndNote. 
```
